Browser agnostic Baseline site & content (#1706)
web-platform-dx/web-features: gh-pages/use-baseline.md

---
permalink: use-baseline
description: How to use the Baseline in your projects.
---

# Use Baseline in your project

You can use Baseline to:

- Make decisions about what web platform features to use in your sites and applications
- Tell others whether features work across browsers

## Check if a feature works across browsers

> When visiting sites like [Can I Use](https://caniuse.com), [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/), [RUM Archive Insights](https://rumarchive.com/insights/#baseline) and [webstatus.dev](https://webstatus.dev), check the status of a feature to learn if it works across browsers.

Author: Do you have a suggestion for how to adjust this?

> When visiting sites like [Can I Use](https://caniuse.com), [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/), [RUM Archive Insights](https://rumarchive.com/insights/#baseline) and [webstatus.dev](https://webstatus.dev), check the status of a feature to learn if it works across browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When visiting sites like [Can I Use](https://caniuse.com), [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/), and [RUM Archive Insights](https://rumarchive.com/insights/#baseline) check the status of a feature to learn if it's implemented across browsers.
```

> When visiting sites like [Can I Use](https://caniuse.com), [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/), [RUM Archive Insights](https://rumarchive.com/insights/#baseline) and [webstatus.dev](https://webstatus.dev), check the status of a feature to learn if it works across browsers.

Reviewer 2: > This tells us if it's _implemented_ across browsers, not whether it _works_. Widely available features are assumed to have good interop, but it's possible (though unfortunate) that newly available features still have notable differences.

A few points on this, @jgraham:

- The bar is higher than implemented because we ignore implementations behind flags, in future-dated releases, or using (unspecified) prefixes and aliases.
- We don't assume good interop on a timeline; the compute-baseline code actually checks what BCD reports for every release in the 30-month range and rejects releases annotated with, for example, the `partial_implementation` flag. And we do some human review. For example, I check the notes when updating features, so that (for example) BCD hasn't mistakenly allowed a partial through in a note without the requisite flag.

I'm not committed to "works" per se, but I think we can make a stronger and more accurate claim than to "implementation." Whatever the terminology, i we report a feature as Baseline and it's not working, I'd really like to hear about it. That merits an editorial override here and (very probably) a fix upstream to BCD.

> When visiting sites like [Can I Use](https://caniuse.com), [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/), [RUM Archive Insights](https://rumarchive.com/insights/#baseline) and [webstatus.dev](https://webstatus.dev), check the status of a feature to learn if it works across browsers.

Reviewer: "available" would also be fine.

> When visiting sites like [Can I Use](https://caniuse.com), [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/), [RUM Archive Insights](https://rumarchive.com/insights/#baseline) and [webstatus.dev](https://webstatus.dev), check the status of a feature to learn if it works across browsers.

Author: Fixed in de35a122eee9e74ee11fd673eb1d4bb7c8321a7c

---
permalink: use-baseline
description: How to use the Baseline in your projects.
---

# Use Baseline in your project

There are many ways to use Baseline in your projects today.

## Determine when a feature is ready to use

When visiting sites like [CanIUse](https://caniuse.com), [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/), [RUM Archive Insights](https://rumarchive.com/insights/#baseline) and [WebStatus](https://webstatus.dev), check the status of a feature and learn if it’s safe to use in your project.

## Let others know when a feature is safe to use

Writing a blog post or article? Or presenting at a conference? Use the [Baseline logos](name-and-logo-usage-guidelines) as a shorthand to let your audience know the status of a feature.

> The [Universal Baseline Widget](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/baseline-status) is also available to include on your site or pages to indicate the status of a web feature. It renders at run-time, so it’s always up to date with the latest Baseline status.

Author: added
